Update DeterministicBuildGuide.md (#9161)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi.Documentation/Guides/DeterministicBuildGuide.md

## 1. Assert correct environment

> In order to reproduce Wasabi's builds, you need [git](https://git-scm.com/) package, Windows 10+, and the version of [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core) that was used by the Wasabi team to produce the release. Which version of .NET Core SDK to use? There is the `BUILDINFO.json` file inside [installation folder](https://docs.wasabiwallet.io/using-wasabi/InstallPackage.html#install-wasabi-step-by-step) and the `NetSdkVersion` field will tell you the right SDK version. If you have multiple .NET SDK installed on your system, make sure to specify the exact same version in `global.json` before building Wasabi Wallet. `global.json` is in the root of the repository folder.

Reviewer: IMO we should not add the docs link because it does not add much value.

```suggestion
In order to reproduce Wasabi's builds, you need [git](https://git-scm.com/) package, Windows 10+, and the version of [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) that was used by the Wasabi team to produce the release.
Which version of .NET SDK to use? There is the `BUILDINFO.json` file inside the installation folder: `C:\Program Files\WasabiWallet\`, and the `NetSdkVersion` field will tell you the right SDK version. If you have multiple .NET SDK versions installed on your system, make sure to specify the exact same version in `global.json` before building Wasabi Wallet. `global.json` is in the root of the repository folder.
```

Example of global.json that is set to stricly use a specific verison: 
```
{
  "sdk": {
    "version": "6.0.302",
    "allowPrerelease": false,
    "rollForward": "disable"
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: I committed this, but I am not sure about the `Windows 10+` change.
@molnard Can you confirm it is correct?

> ```

Author: It is OK.
